Secretary General of Yangxing Shengwen,
We have our company’s machine date documents,
not just just just just just just just
Just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just
Just
What about the process of our business war?
It has collapsed. Now what?
No longer exists. Keep a secretary.
You're not sitting there, are you?
No, young master
Do you believe that I am not like this?
As far as I know
Raising a secretary at the Mingniu Conference
Specially nominated the deputy son of the Tao family
Cooperate with us
And the Tao family’s deputy is also on the right track
It’s said that this is influenced by your ruler
You can't admit it
What about your Mingniu Conference?
I don’t have any selfish motives from the Communist Party
I know that I consider the overall situation, young master.
Calmness suits me
Then why have I heard about it?
The one who was against the young master
PR does not care about managers
You single-handedly promoted it?
Only those who meet
What do you mean
You deliberately unlimited the Internet young master
Things are not simple this time
Must be extended otherwise
The consequences are beyond imagination
Maybe we have to do this or that
I feel aggrieved and need a secretary. Someone come here.
I want you to catch me and shoot your teeth first